1. What is pandas?
    Pandas is an open-source Python package that is most commonly used for data science, data analysis, and machine learning tasks. It is built on top of another library named Numpy. 

2. different types of Data Structures in Pandas?
    Series: It is a one-dimensional array-like structure with homogeneous data which means data of different data types cannot be a part of the same series
    value are mutable 
    size is immutable
    cannot contains multiple columns


    DataFrame: It is a two-dimensional array-like structure with heterogeneous data. It can contain data of different data types and the data is aligned in a tabular manner. Both size and values of DataFrame are mutable.
    value are mutable 
    size is mutable

    Panel: The Pandas have a third type of data structure known as Panel, which is a 3D data structure capable of storing heterogeneous data but it isn’t that widely used

    to create series using pandas :
    import pandas as pd
    ser = pd.Series()    
    print(ser)

    to create dataframe using pandas : 
    import pandas as pd     
    data = [10,20,30,40,50,60]    
    df = pd.DataFrame(data, columns=['Numbers'])

    to create panel using pandas :
    import pandas as pd
    import numpy as np    
    data = np.random.rand(2,4,5)
    p = pd.Panel(data)
    print p


3. significant features of the pandas Library?

    Fast and efficient
    Data alignment and integrated handling
    Reshaping and pivoting of data sets.
    Columns from a data structure can be deleted or inserted.

4. How can we create a copy of the series in Pandas?

    We can create a copy of the series by using the following syntax: Series.copy(deep=True)

5. Give a brief description of time series in Panda?

    A time series is an organized collection of data that depicts the evolution of a quantity through time. Pandas have a wide range of capabilities and tools for working with time-series data in all fields.

    Supported by pandas:

    Analyzing time-series data from a variety of sources and formats.
    Create time and date sequences with preset frequencies.
    Date and time manipulation and conversion with timezone information.
    A time series is resampled or converted to a specific frequency.
    Calculating dates and times using absolute or relative time increments is one way to.

6. MultiIndexing in Pandas.